Linux Distribution Timeline | CONTRIBUTING
------------------------------------------

Because I want to keep it simple and coherent with previous
versions by the original maintainers, I decided to make this
very simple guide of how to contribute to this project. You
are not obliged to follow this, but you'll ease my job if you
do. :)

Formatting
==========

Remember to keep the CSV coherent, newest distro will always
go to the bottomest place. And also, please group it
accordingly, a Debian-based distro should never be grouped
with a distro based on Slackware. Also, if another distro
based on another distro, based on another distro is released,
put it after, to the bottomest place, *before* another distro.

For example:

    "Debian"   
    "Ubuntu" based on Debian   
    "Kubuntu" based on Ubuntu   
    "Linux Mint" based on Ubuntu   
    "gNewSense" based on Debian   

Keep the original timeline
==========================

Don't understand what I meant? For example, S.u.S.E, before
rebasing their code to Red Hat, they originally used Slack
as their upstream. If you ever see this happening in the future,
add it to the connectors, again, coherent with the distros. You
may see "Thickness" in the CSV in the "Connectors" part. The
thickness may vary from 1, 2 or 4. It has already been explained
in the build generated by gldt, but I'll just explain it again.

* 1: Influence, developer switch (e.g.: CRUX to Arch)
* 2: Rebasing, substantial code flow, project overtaking
     (e.g. Red Hat to SuSE)
* 4: Developer & code sharing, project merging (e.g. Maemo
     to MeeGo)

Sorry for my bad writing, and this is still a work in progress.
